<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Module Description

This submodule deploys an Azure Route Map that can be used in VWan for manipulating routing

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.route_map](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the route map.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_virtual_hub_id"></a> [virtual\_hub\_id](#input\_virtual\_hub\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the virtual hub to create the route map in.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_associated_inbound_connections"></a> [associated\_inbound\_connections](#input\_associated\_inbound\_connections)

Description: List of connection resource IDs which have this route map associated for inbound traffic.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_associated_outbound_connections"></a> [associated\_outbound\_connections](#input\_associated\_outbound\_connections)

Description: List of connection resource IDs which have this route map associated for outbound traffic.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_rules"></a> [rules](#input\_rules)

Description:   List of route map rules to apply. Each rule is an object with the following attributes:

  - `name`: The unique name for the rule.
  - `next_step_if_matched`: Next step after rule is evaluated. Supported values are `Continue`, `Terminate`, and `Unknown`. Defaults to `Unknown`.
  - `actions`: Optional list of actions to apply on a match:
    - `type`: Type of action. Supported values are `Add`, `Drop`, `Remove`, `Replace`, and `Unknown`.
    - `parameters`: Optional list of parameters for the action:
      - `as_path`: Optional list of AS paths.
      - `community`: Optional list of BGP communities.
      - `route_prefix`: Optional list of route prefixes.
  - `match_criteria`: Optional list of criteria to match traffic against:
    - `match_condition`: Condition to apply. Supported values are `Contains`, `Equals`, `NotContains`, `NotEquals`, and `Unknown`.
    - `as_path`: Optional list of AS paths to match.
    - `community`: Optional list of BGP communities to match.
    - `route_prefix`: Optional list of route prefixes to match.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    name                 = string
    next_step_if_matched = optional(string, "Unknown")
    actions = optional(list(object({
      type = string
      parameters = optional(list(object({
        as_path      = optional(list(string), [])
        community    = optional(list(string), [])
        route_prefix = optional(list(string), [])
      })), [])
    })), [])
    match_criteria = optional(list(object({
      match_condition = string
      as_path         = optional(list(string), [])
      community       = optional(list(string), [])
      route_prefix    = optional(list(string), [])
    })), [])
  }))
```

Default: `[]`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the route map.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full route map resource object.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the route map.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->